[Music]
this is the all-new hydra sports 38
special and you know what
it ain't a vote for the side the 38
special fills a gap in Hydra sports
lineup previously you had to jump from a
34 all the way up 442 now you got the 38
in between but it takes a lot of ideas
that they put into their bigger boats
and uses them like for example these
LeBrock seats very comfortable
they're very functional up here in the
bow you can have seating on either side
or you can completely do away with these
seats and just have wide-open fishing
space the console is also very
customizable you can either have it with
a stand up head and shower or as you see
here in this arrangement you can get it
really set up as a tackle Locker I love
this transom is another highly
customizable area for an example it has
the 45 gallon live well here the
pressurized live well which is smaller
but the same design is on the swing is
at the same time if you want all these
fishing goodies you don't have to have
them hydro sports can put a full bench
seat back here a completely different
transom so there's a lot of
customization available if you want to
learn more about this boot you're gonna
have to do a lot of research it's not
your average boat head over to boots
comm read the review and see if it's the
right type of vote for you boat
insurance at United Marine underwriters
we're simply the best at what we do just
boat insurance we offer comprehensive
insurance coverage for all your boating
needs boat insurance quotes on your
screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters